README.md, before:

# AmbassaDAOs
Our interdaomentional space station connecting Governauts reaching for the stars with Astro!

## Connect

Jump in the group on Telegram to get involved: https://t.me/joinchat/QHk_O8liMtUwODgx

## Purpose

Let's facilitate community daovelopment and growth by enabling DAOs to coordinate collaboration, resources & experiments in ways that wouldn't be possible with a single DAO or multiple independent DAOs. We can bring together a daoverse group of communities, and each would have an equal voice to guide future iterations of DAO interactivity.

## What is this repo?

The following code folders exist as a framework for creating and maintaining MultiDAOs. Currently there are no tools to help with developing the concept, so this repo will be a way for testing the theory and ideas of MultiDAOs.

This repo also stems from experiments between Croncat and other DAOs, and the topic was part of a talk at NEARCON Alpha. You can checkout the [slides for that presentation here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QtyyE6VuHWyzwkyl8dAKCWZYMBx-y0viSIJmuen67f4/edit?usp=sharing).

## MultiDAO Use Cases

### Collaboration DAOs
related communities working together for a common purpose, like a partnership, friendly competition, or a coalition of DAOs
### Ephemeral DAOs
organizations may create temporary MultiDAOs to coordinate a temporary initiative (events, projects, or campaigns)
### Political DAOs
promoting daoversity through structured communication about important decisions made by ecosystem participants

## Testing: DAOmonstration

To test each feature of the MultiDAO, a simple demo with a few member DAOs will be used to try all types of proposals and other interactions before launching the main MultiDAO. Consider this DAO as the "staging" environment of multiDAOs.

## Main MultiDAO: AmbassaDAOs

TODAO: daoscussion + coordaonation

Session Zero Notes:
- MultiDAO for event planning
- MultiDAO Guild (REPO): supporting innovation of DAOs
- Add notes on how to stake DAO funds

Commit message:

added single dao example proposals, reorged to folders

README.md, after:

# AmbassaDAOs
Our interdaomentional space station connecting Governauts reaching for the stars with Astro!

## Connect

Jump in the group on Telegram to get involved: https://t.me/joinchat/QHk_O8liMtUwODgx

## Purpose

Let's facilitate community daovelopment and growth by enabling DAOs to coordinate collaboration, resources & experiments in ways that wouldn't be possible with a single DAO or multiple independent DAOs. We can bring together a daoverse group of communities, and each would have an equal voice to guide future iterations of DAO interactivity.

## What is this repo?

The following code folders exist as a framework for creating and maintaining MultiDAOs. Currently there are no tools to help with developing the concept, so this repo will be a way for testing the theory and ideas of MultiDAOs.

This repo also stems from experiments between Croncat and other DAOs, and the topic was part of a talk at NEARCON Alpha. You can checkout the [slides for that presentation here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QtyyE6VuHWyzwkyl8dAKCWZYMBx-y0viSIJmuen67f4/edit?usp=sharing).

## DAO Proposals

There are two types of proposal templates available, for both single and multi DAOs:

* [Single DAO](/single)
* [Multi DAO](/multi)

Each folder has context to help you craft proposals for whatever you need.

## MultiDAO Use Cases

### Collaboration DAOs
related communities working together for a common purpose, like a partnership, friendly competition, or a coalition of DAOs
### Ephemeral DAOs
organizations may create temporary MultiDAOs to coordinate a temporary initiative (events, projects, or campaigns)
### Political DAOs
promoting daoversity through structured communication about important decisions made by ecosystem participants

## Testing: DAOmonstration

To test each feature of the MultiDAO, a simple demo with a few member DAOs will be used to try all types of proposals and other interactions before launching the main MultiDAO. Consider this DAO as the "staging" environment of multiDAOs.

## Main MultiDAO: AmbassaDAOs

TODAO: daoscussion + coordaonation

Session Zero Notes:
- MultiDAO for event planning
- MultiDAO Guild (REPO): supporting innovation of DAOs
- Add notes on how to stake DAO funds
